Well I come to this section which is about the future as the first framework I want to take a closer
look at.
We actually already used it.
And the Getting Started section.
Now I want to dive a little bit deeper into it and explain more thoroughly what we actually did and
the Getting Started section in which our features view chairs Holts now important viewed as has a great
documentation if you click on get started.
So that is a good place to then dive deeper because of course I will only touch on the basics here.
This is no complete view chess course and that is just something I want to add here too.
I do have a complete course on view chess here on you to me in case you are interested.
But that aside let's go to the installation again.
And let's grab this CD and link again.
Just as we did in the Getting Started section.
I will continue using K as failure but we will leave that for the section to all to work locally.
Especially when we don't dive into single page applications but for a start does it just nice to quickly
get started.
Of course feel free to create your local HMO file and your script file import the script file into the
index file into it.
Well fight excuse me and you can replicate the same locally.
So here I prepared a James fiddle and as before let's just enter a script import here and import view
chairs so that we can use it.
That's everything we need to get started.